freezer appliance
projector appliance
radio appliance
crow bird
duck bird
pheasant bird
seagull bird
swan bird
woodpecker bird
bungalow building
chapel building
shack building
box container
crab fishseaanimal
dolphin fishseaanimal
goldfish fishseaanimal
mackerel fishseaanimal
pickle food
apple fruitandvegetable
asparagus fruitandvegetable
blueberry fruitandvegetable
carrot fruitandvegetable
courgette fruitandvegetable
grape fruitandvegetable
lime fruitandvegetable
melon fruitandvegetable
olive fruitandvegetable
radish fruitandvegetable
rhubarb fruitandvegetable
bookcase furniturelargetool
carpet furniturelargetool
chair furniturelargetool
door furniturelargetool
fence furniturelargetool
blouse garment
bra garment
dress garment
gown garment
robe garment
sweater garment
grasshopper insect
worm insect
bagpipe instrument
saxophone instrument
tuba instrument
violin instrument
calf mammal
cat mammal
coyote mammal
fawn mammal
hamster mammal
lamb mammal
pony mammal
rabbit mammal
raccoon mammal
muzzle naturalobject
pine plant
alligator reptileamphibian
crocodile reptileamphibian
frog reptileamphibian
tortoise reptileamphibian
apartment structure
chain tool
chisel tool
clock tool
dish tool
drill tool
envelope tool
faucet tool
hoe tool
ladle tool
menu tool
pencil tool
pillow tool
screwdriver tool
shovel tool
sledgehammer tool
spoon tool
stick tool
tap tool
wand tool
marble toysports
airplane vehicle
bike vehicle
cart vehicle
car vehicle
limousine vehicle
raft vehicle
sailboat vehicle
train vehicle
tricycle vehicle
trolley vehicle
unicycle vehicle
baton weapon
bayonet weapon
crossbow weapon
grenade weapon
gun weapon
missile weapon
revolver weapon
